# CS-250
CS-250 Software Development Lifecycle


-	How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?

	Whenever I attempt to interpret user needs, I try to get to the most basic form of those needs and format those into a workable idea. For example, in this course there was a point where the customers wanted a top 5 trips page that was personalized for them. With a little more discussion, the customers only wanted to be recommended trips that they would be interested in. After this idea was brought down to the users wanting trips that matched their interests it was easy to write user stories and break down the requirements into a small number of workable components. Creating these user stories helps with implementing a user need into a program by breaking the need into the base level components and having a definition of done for each. Creating a user story forces a complex idea into simple and clear tasks that can be objectively designed by a development team member without losing something in translation.  

-	How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?

	Personally, I approach developing programs in a more exploratory way. Once I have an idea for a program, I attempt to flush that idea out into individual components such as pages or pieces of functionality. From there I usually write down a breakdown of each one of those components and a rough outline of how I may implement a feature (what classes/objects I will need, etc..). After I have enough of those components flushed out to make a (somewhat) functioning project I tend to look over the components one last time and see if there are any overlapping requirements, if there are I tend to build all of those overlapping requirements into its own component as a basic dependency for the project, then I build that component to its minimal level, and then work on each component that can be built off its current level of completion. For example, if I am building a project and multiple components will need to filter text or check user input, I tend to build a basic text handling component first so that I have one library or component that each other component can utilize. I think the biggest process I could bring from agile into my future development work would be scrum boards and user stories as I think those two items will build upon my development style and make completing or iterating a program easier and in some cases much less daunting (as some larger projects can be). 

-	What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?

	I think being a good team member in software development, like any other team, requires you to be open to learning and collaborating with others. No matter how much of an “Expert” you are, there is always something new you can learn from fellow team members. I think you being willing to help others and teach any of your particular expertise to others can also help you build a trusting and collaborative team environment. Being a good team member also means you can not belittle or degrade team members if they do not know something that you do. Some of the biggest problems in team environments is failure to communicate, failure to share relevant experience, and a fear of failure as all of these things eventually lead to a dysfunctional team where a small portion of the team is doing all the work (usually extremely stressed out as well) whereas other members are doing very little, feel unmotivated, and typically unvalued, even if they have something to contribute, they rarely get the opportunity to do so. 
